[Music]
[Applause]
hi Rosie friends its Julie and today I
want to talk about a funny little topic
that I've been meaning to talk about for
a while that is how I use products that
are actually meant for babies or small
children because they work really well
for keeping my rosacea under control and
they also work for just my sensitive
skin overall and I'm starting to build
up enough of them into my regular
everyday life that it just seemed like a
topic that I should actually like bring
together and talk about at once so I'm
just really quickly not gonna get into
it all that much they're all just very
normal products but it's just I find it
very funny that they all happen to be
for children and they work really really
great for me the first one is this water
bottle here I have a water bottle that's
huge that I use when I'm at home room
I'm at my desk or anything like that
when I'm working and that's great for
when it's there and it's a glass but
when I'm out walking dogs or I headed
somewhere it's just too big and too
heavy and too clunky so I got a kids one
it's got a chart a shark on it that says
chomp and I absolutely love it it's BPA
free so it doesn't have all those
chemicals that leach into it I'm still
not normally a big fan of using plastic
but honestly when I'm on the go and I
just need to you know check something in
my bag or even in this case it's got
this dumb loopy thing so you can lock it
into place and it can go around like a
bag strap or something like that then I
absolutely love this it works really
great and it's meant for kids lunches so
this is super great because honestly I
have to stay hydrated all the time as
soon as I start getting dehydrated
overheated it come with flares so that's
not great so that's why I've got this
and speaking of staying cool the next
thing that I use quite a lot in fact I
don't know how I get through summers
without anymore are these little freezer
packs they call them boo boo packs this
particular brand they I found this in
the dollar store in the kids section
it's for first aid and this one happens
to be Hello Kitty I've seen the fresh
strawberry shortcake too for that matter
and these are absolutely perfect for
keeping myself cool so that the heat
won't rise to my face that's one of my
biggest triggers especially um we're
going through a heatwave right now and
it's really uncomfortable so I use these
during the daytime I use them at night
when I'm trying to go to sleep and I
have a ton of these in my freezer at any
given time they have about if they says
gel stuff on the inside so they stay
malleable even when they're frozen and
they have about 20 minutes worth of cold
time in them and honestly I stick these
right to the back of my neck which
sounds crazy but it feels so good or on
the bottoms of my feet when I'm really
overheated or if I'm trying to get to
sleep and I'm just so hot and it brings
my temperature right down because those
are really important places for keeping
for bringing your temperature down there
they they give up off a lot of heat and
when you apply cool to the back of your
neck or the bottoms of your feet they
cool you super fast if you think about
you know how when you're super hot um if
you stick your feet into some cold water
how good that feels you know walking on
the beach and you put your feet in the
water and you totally just start to feel
a lot cooler same idea only without all
the splashing water yep so booboo bag
that's another thing that I really
depend on mint for little kids perfect
for me
next I have these little pouches I'm
getting some refillable ones really soon
because I do make my own purees
applesauce is so easy to make if you
haven't tried that before you'll be
shocked at how easy it is the hardest
part is peeling the Apple which is
nothing at all but for now I do have
these little applesauce pouches because
when my blood sugar gets low I start to
feel I don't know if it's that I'm
emotional I don't know if I'm hangry or
what it is but as soon as my blood sugar
gets low I get a little bit shaky and
the heat rushes to my face and I blush
really easily even if I'm just talking
so I keep these in my purse I keep them
in the bag that I use when I walk dogs I
have these around any time I leave the
house basically I have applesauce in my
purse at any given time just so that
I've got something to get my blood sugar
back up again
and next there are three products and
they're all from the same brand it's a
super fantastic brand that I have really
fallen in love with the brand is called
little sleepyhead and they have the
cutest logo in the entire world how cute
is that and I currently am using three
of their products for skincare one of
them I use on my face and body and the
other two I use just on my body because
I already have kinds of skincare thing
going on for my face that I'm really in
love with so I don't need to apply them
there but I what I really like is that
they have natural ingredients in them
and they are super super super gentle
because they are meant for babies and
children with sensitive skin so the
first one the one that actually drew me
to the brand in the first place it is
the daily rehydrating sunscreen it came
in this box but it's in this tube
it's a 3.4 fluid ounce tube that's 100
milliliters for those of us in Canada it
has SPF 30 plus UVA UVB broad-spectrum
protection it's meant for the whole
family so it has been for me not just
babies but yeah so it's this here and
this sunscreen is fantastic I absolutely
love it you know how much I struggled to
find a sunscreen that won't irritate my
face in fact that's the whole reason
that I started making videos in the
first place if you go back to the very
first really absolutely terrible video
at the beginning of the over 200 I've
made so far it was me just kind of
ranting a little bit that my favorite
sunscreen had stopped working well I
found another one now yay but it works
that I can put on my face without any
problems it hydrates it's gentle it
doesn't have any fragrance or anything
like that it has a whole ton of benefits
it's as nourishing protection SPF 30
broad-spectrum for sensitive skin won't
sting eyes non-greasy moisturizing and
rehydrating hypoallergenic fava free no
nanomaterials no non comedogenic no
parabens no animal testing fragrance
free think I said that already
but yep I do like that it's cruelty free
that it's not tested on animals as well
and I just love this stuff this is great
I put it on every single day I don't
wear it for that long because as you
know if you feel watching my videos for
a while when I put on sunscreen I put it
on for a purpose and then when I come
back inside because I work I'm a writer
in my real job cuz I'm a writer so once
I'm back home again then I wash it all
back off again but you know after I
finished using this my skin is still
come it's never irritated and I have all
the protection I need from the Sun
really have fallen in love with this
I've been using this for a month now
very very very glad that I found it that
is a super great brand for that I think
you can get them on they have an
official website where you can buy them
and they ship to a lot of different
different countries but you can also get
it on amazon.com it goes on sale a lot
too so if you want to save some money
then watch for some sales there the next
thing if you've been watching my videos
I share lots of stuff you know that I
shower in the evening so I like lavender
and sense like that because they're
calming and I struggle with sleep so I
thought while we're at it with the
sunscreen there they also have a gentle
hair and body wash and a hydrating baby
lotion so while I'm being a big baby I
may as well continue with these the
gentle hair and body wash I don't use in
my hair I just have too much and I would
just blast through this I mean it's been
for a baby come now so that's what it's
how its size but as a body wash this is
less quite some time you can't tell how
much is in there because I've been
talking and sloshing it around right now
but it's quite thick but I do love that
it's in a pump that makes it a lot
easier so I just pump it onto the cloth
or pouf or whatever I happen to be using
at the time and one really good wash of
it will you normally do all of me it has
a gorgeous scent it is not fragrance but
it does have botanicals in it like
lavender oil and it has chamomile and
things like that and all things that are
super calming good for sensitive skin
and great for helping me feel all calm
like a baby at night this is really
great stuff but after a wind wants to
get out of the shower then it also has
been matching product in terms of
fragrance feet this one's lavender
chamomile again it has no meal aloe and
shea butter in it so all great for
sensitive skin use this for just regular
everyday or
evening kind of hydrating moisturizing
lotion I really like it it has some
organic ingredients and it's got a whole
pile of different kinds of botanicals
lots of fun stuff in there I really
didn't get into the science of it all I
know is that I think it smells fantastic
it doesn't irritate my skin it's a very
gentle smell and I just am really
pleased with it and it's meant for
babies but I loved it they came in the
sponsons as well I know I showed you the
boxes that the sunscreen came in so a
nurse will show you B the boxes for
these ones it's a little bit C so that
is loo sleepyhead absolutely adorable
really love the products so I thought I
would just share all of these with you
so it is possible even if you're a big
baby like me about having your rosacea
you can find some really great solutions
to help you out and keep your skin calm
and keep cool when it's summertime and
keep your skin protected from the Sun so
yeah so I hope this was interesting for
you I hope you had fun watching it I
hope you learned a couple of new little
things to keep your skin happy and need
flare-ups away but if you did like this
video I hope you'll give it a thumbs up
that way I'll know if you have ever
tried baby products or something like
that if you're using baby your kids
products as an alternative to the
grown-up products just because you find
out their gentler are just nicer in some
way I hope you will share that in the
comments I'm curious because as you can
see I'm getting quite a collection of my
own and if you do like watching these
videos and you haven't subscribe to my
channel already I hope that you will
because I make new videos every Sunday
and most Thursdays than that I'll see
you next time
[Music]